SSH Attack with THC-Hydra
THC-Hydra is another powerful network
service attack tool
under active development and it is
worth mastering.
We can use it to attack a variety of
protocol authentication schemes,
including SSH and HTTP.
The standard options include -l to
specify the target username,
-P to specify a wordlist, and the
protocol and IP in URI format
to specify the target protocol and IP
address, respectively
In this first example, we’ll attack the
SSH service on our Kali VM.
Let’s start OpenSSH before proceeding.
Now we’ll use hydra to attack the SSH
protocol on our local machine,
focus on the kali user,
and again use the small wordlist
we created earlier.
In this output, we can see that hydra
discovered a valid login
against the local SSH server.
THC-Hydra supports a number of standard
protocols and services.
Refer to the hydra man page to view all
of its available options.